5 4 3 2 1 Start. Greetings to all
Buddhist followers and friends.
Yes, dear Buddhist followers and friends,
today I am very happy and
joyful to be accompanying you all.
Today, I
am watching and seeing so
many Buddhist followers watching
via Zoom. Those of you watching
via Zoom, let's all
send lots of
hearts so that I and the Buddhist followers
at Ba Vang Temple can see
your feelings, okay?
Yes, and Buddhist followers at
Ba Vang Temple, let's also send
big hearts to those
watching online. Yes,
and what about those of you
watching on YouTube and Facebook? Please
comment and share
your happy feelings
today, okay? Yes, I am
Hai Ha currently
experiencing a very indescribable feeling.
Although three days ago, I was very happy to
participate in this program.  But
today, standing here alongside
everyone as MC, I feel very
nervous, and even more excited
and eager to join
everyone in singing praises to the Three Jewels and dear
friends. In this chanting and offering ceremony, the
Buddha has given his blessing to the seven female devotees, who, through the karmic connection of
heavenly music, will praise
and extol the Buddha, offering their Bodhisattva
vows to attain Buddhahood, and who have received the
Buddha's blessing
to later enlighten countless ignorant
beings, increasing their Buddha-seed merit. Singing praises to the Buddha is
truly inconceivable. Towards the great
Buddha's birthday celebration, following the example of the
seven female devotees with enlightened minds about the
great birth of the Buddha and the
experience of the noble values ​​and the Six Harmonious
Principles, with the permission
of our teacher Thich Truc Thai Minh, the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Ba
Vang Pagoda have vowed to offer songs and
hymns praising the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha
for nine days, from March 22nd to
April 1st, 2013 (Year of the Rabbit), at
10 PM.  This noble praise,
besides being dedicated to
future Buddhahood, can also be dedicated
to your present success in career, health, longevity, wealth,
beauty, wisdom, and
other virtuous aspirations, so that they may soon be fulfilled
as you wish. Today is the fourth day
of the program, and now we invite
all Buddhists and the public to join us in
celebrating Buddha's Birthday with a song praising the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha. The
opening song will be about the Buddha's birth,
followed by the song about practicing the
Six Harmonies, and finally the song about the Six Harmonies.
Please note that Buddhists
abroad who wish to sing along should
do so at the correct time in Vietnam
or according to the time in their country, but
within the time frame of 10 PM to 10:05 PM.
If you are busy and cannot participate in
singing at that time, you
can sing at other times during the day.
Now, the program begins.
[Music]
Bodhisattva protects the enlightened ruler.
Seeing the suffering of sentient beings, the
Bodhisattva is not at peace. In spring, he has a plan for
humanity
to use patience to overcome obstacles.  The
Bodhisattva chose to be
in the lineage of slaughter, to be betrayed by his father, the
king, and the queen, who gave birth to a blessed and
joyful blessing in the village. The state entered the side of the
Bodhisattva, who was enlightened. The Bodhisattva was not there.
At the earth's vibration, the great earth's
vibration shook. The Bodhisattva realized his mistake. The Bodhisattva realized his mistake.
[Music]
[Applause]
In his mother's womb, the Bodhisattva, in a distant life, the queen
brought out tears of a kind and joyful mother.
[Music] The
queen bloomed, rubbing against the road back to her maternal home.
[Music] The dragon
spewed water,
bathing beside the prince,
singing and intoxicating with chrysanthemums.
[Music]
[Applause]
The earth's portrait is like this. Declaring the world, the Supreme Being, the Only One, the
Buddha
Shakyamuni is giving birth to a child.
All beings learn to accept the joy of offering
to the Buddha. Riding a bicycle in the public place
with the Buddha, playing the zither.
[Music]
[Applause]
Still, who is happy, unintentionally?
[Music]
Not yet wonderful. Do you know who
sees the Tathagata, spring coming to us?  I
am Master Taiping
[music]
need blessings for all sentient beings
Do you know who it is? The one who sees the Tathagata's spring
beauty, we are Master
Taiping. My heart seeks grace, my lungs,
blessings for all sentient beings.
First of all, come here and sing
joyfully, reveal the Harmony so that we may go on.
From the Buddha Shakyamuni, we also constantly reveal
our faults
[music]
lalala lalala
[music] [music] [music] [music] [Applause] The noble yellow
chrysanthemum, even if it withers, will not leave. The noble yellow chrysanthemum, even if it withers, will
not fade. The golden ball
club, the autumn drum club,
even if it is difficult, will not be burdened.
Even if it is difficult, we will overcome. The golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, practicing the Six Harmonies of Buddhism. The golden
chrysanthemum club, the joyful
club, practicing the Six Harmonies of Buddhism. One body, one
master; two mouths, one flower, no conflict; three minds, one
approval; four precepts, one practice; five understanding, one
resolution; six words,
where is the homeland?  Where there is Six Harmonies, there is peace and joy. At that time, there
is liberation. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, practicing
Buddhist Dharma. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, together fulfilling our duties. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, together painting the scriptures, cultivating Bodhi Mind, protecting the Three Jewels, spreading Buddhist teachings throughout the world.
[Music]
and the military golden chrysanthemum, the flower of
liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing
liberation, helping everyone. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, painting the mind, seeking liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club consists of Buddhist practitioners
at Ba Vang Temple,
coming to Tet to pursue the supreme path, always
together, considering impermanence.
[Music]
Yes, please give a
big round of applause to rejoice in and praise the
extremely meaningful performances just now.
The performance has concluded
today's program. Thank you for
your attention and support, dear friends
and audience, to continue
and grow these works.  We respectfully invite all
Buddhist followers and the public to continue participating in
the program at 10 PM tomorrow, March 26th,
2023 (the year of the Rabbit), which will be broadcast live on the
fanpage and YouTube channel of Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu Hoan Quan. We also have a
special event on the 2nd
and 3rd of April, 2023 (the year of the Rabbit). We
invite you to come to Ba Vang Pagoda
to attend the Buddha's Birthday celebration.
And now, goodbye and see you again!
[Applause]
[Music]